Facet value type (#451)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md

## Setting Up Facets

> The first step in using facets is to chose which of your document <clientGlossary word="field" label="fields"/> will be used as facets. Fields with common values are the most suited for faceting (e.g., `genre`, `color`, `size` ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step in using facets is to chose which of your document <clientGlossary word="field" label="fields"/> will be used as facets. Fields with common values are the best suited for faceting (e.g., `genre`, `color`, `size` ).
```

> For these fields to be used as facets during search, their <clientGlossary word="attribute" label="attributes"/> **have to be previously added to the settings**. In the settings, the chosen attributes must be added to the [`attributesForFaceting` list](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#attributes-for-faceting).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For these fields to be used as facets during search, their <clientGlossary word="attribute" label="attributes"/> **must have been previously added to the settings**. In the settings, the chosen attributes must be added to the [`attributesForFaceting` list](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#attributes-for-faceting).
```

> It is a required step because facet needs to be properly processed and prepared by the engine to be usable. This process takes as much time as indexing all your documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This step is required because facet needs to be properly processed and prepared by the engine to be usable. This process takes as much time as indexing all your documents.
```

> The facet fields' value should be of type `string` or array of `string`. In some documents, if the value of the facet is `null`, it will be handled as if the document did not have that field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform faceting on attributes that are either `String` or `[String]`, and null values are ignored.
```

Reviewer 2: Would it be necessary to write null with quotes?

> If a facet value in a given document is **not** of type `string`, array of `string`, or `null`, the transaction will stop and raise an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a facet value in a given document is **not** of type `String`, array of `String`, or `null`, the transaction will stop and raise an error.
```

- `facetName`: The name (the attribute) of a field used as a facet (e.g. `director`, `genres`). This attribute must be [in the `attributesForFiltering` list](/guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md#setting-up-facets).

> - `facetValue`: The value of this facet to filter results on (e.g. `Tim Burton`, `Mati Diop`, `Comedy`, `Romance`).

Reviewer 2: Just saw this. What do you think?
```suggestion
- `facetValue`: The value of the facet used to filter results (e.g. `Tim Burton`, `Mati Diop`, `Comedy`, `Romance`).
```

> Facet filters can have a **maximum array deepness of two**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Facet filters can have a **maximum array depth of two**.
```

The following are correct:

good ✅

```javascript
"genre:horror"
```

good ✅

```javascript
["genre:horror", "genre:thriller"]
```

good ✅

```javascript
["genre:comedy", ["genre:horror", "genre:thiller"]]
```

> When you add one more array deepness, it will raise errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add one more array depth, it will raise errors:
```

Reviewer 2: What about:
```suggestion
If the maximum array depth is exceeded, errors will be raised:
```
